OSDOCS-16547 Second attempt at replacing GCP/Google Cloud Platform with attributes (#101036)
openshift/openshift-docs: modules/nvidia-gpu-csps.adoc

endif::openshift-rosa,openshift-dedicated[]

ifndef::openshift-dedicated,openshift-rosa[]

> You can deploy {product-title} to one of the major cloud service providers (CSPs): Amazon Web Services ({aws-short}), {gcp-full} ({gcp-short}), or Microsoft Azure.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can deploy {product-title} to one of the major cloud service providers (CSPs): Amazon Web Services ({aws-short}), {gcp-full}, or Microsoft Azure.
```

Reviewer: might also want to make this one less silly
```suggestion
You can deploy {product-title} to one of the major cloud service providers (CSPs): {aws-first}, {gcp-full} ({gcp-short}), or Microsoft Azure.
```
